Add support for is array for rep commands js (#31184)
demisto/content: Packs/Pipl/ReleaseNotes/1_0_9.md

#### Integrations

##### Pipl

> - Added support for multiple email addresses input for **email** command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support for multiple email address inputs in the **email** command.
```
